Creating the Pieces of the Game

    You will need to edit two JavaScript files
      one for the ability to create a deck of cards (deck.js)
      and one to play the game of War (game.js).

  For this assignment, you may NOT rename any files.

deck.js file must export a single function which
    returns an array of shuffled card values.
    There should be FOUR of each value: 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 'J', 'Q', 'K', and 'A'.
    Note that you DO NOT need to worry about suits (unless you do Adventure Mode).

To export a function, you simply place the function on the module.exports object:

      module.exports = function buildDeck() { ... };
      (Note that you may name your function anything you wish.)

Your game.js file must export a single function which accepts an array of
      2 names for the players and returns an object with some data in it (see below).
      This module will need to use the deck.js in order to create the deck of cards for the game.
       Once you have the deck of cards, the function should:

"deal" one card to each player,
      compare the cards to determine the winner of that hand,
      and track the wins for each player.
      After all the hands have been played (26 total given a full 52-card deck),
      then the function should gather some other information and return an object
      with all of the game data.

 Here is what the return value should look like:


      {
        date: 'MM-DD-YYYY at HH:mm',   // (with the actual date/time of this game)
        players: [
          { name: '[first players name]', numberofWins: 10, winRatio: 0.38 },
          { name: '[second players name]', numberofWins: 13, winRatio: 0.5 }
        ],
        numberOfTies: 3
      }


Playing the Game and Testing the Code
      To run the game you can run: node main.js from your command line (in the project directory).
      This should output some things for you, but note that if your code doesn't work exactly
      as expected, this could produce weird results.

      You should, instead, run the tests for the code that are already written
      for you (in the /tests directory of the code you downloaded earlier).
      To run the tests, simply run mocha tests/ from the command line
      (again, in your project directory).
